hey Nancy Drew fans we're back for book
52 the secret of the Forgotten City on
page one Ned shows up at Nancy's front
door with a surprise he'd like for her
in the gang to come with some Emerson
College students on an archeological dig
in Nevada looking for gold buried deep
underground next another unexpected
guest arrives an Indian woman named mrs.
Wabash who has brought seven priceless
stone tablets River Heights because a
museum curator told her that 18 year old
Nancy was clever at codes a bad guy who
calls himself leap foot Joe quickly
connects the two mysteries by stealing
all but one of his stone tablets
dognapping Togo and then calling Nancy
giving a very detailed warning that
basically leads her to Nevada the plot
overall is pretty flimsy and seems like
an excuse for another book about an
archeological dig now the third of this
type in the series this book's dig is
particularly ridiculous
the Emerson College students all total
amateurs are accompanied by one
professor who lets them break into small
groups wander around the desert dig
wherever they want completely
unsupervised and with no instruction
even Nancy's usually conscientious group
doesn't take any care with the artifacts
Dave said I have an idea
tonight the whole campus to have a
meeting around a campfire how about our
putting on a spook show he outlined his
plan we'll all stay in the background
then just as the meeting finishes will
make queer sounds Bert wrapped in a
blanket will come in holding the
skeleton and making it dance the book
does have a couple of redeeming features
first I like how several members of the
gang get to show off skills we haven't
seen before
George expertly handles a snake about to
attack Nancy bravely scooping it up and
insisting that they take it out to the
desert to its natural habitat dave makes
up all these funny bronze and songs that
are kind of dumb but also really lighten
the mood Ned Burt and Dave used their
football talent to take on ten attackers
George wants to jump in with her judo
but Nancy holds her back
Nancy uses her artistic skill and
attention to detail to make an exact
replica of one of the tablets covered in
petroglyphs and later she's able to
completely decipher the ancient code the
strangest example that kind of a fun
scene is when Nancy jumps in to stop an
escalating dispute in the Nevada desert
with some Spanish speakers out looking
for gold the group of swarthy men were
waving their arms wildly indicating that
the newcomers were to leave at once when
no compromise seemed to be near Nancy
walked up to Professor McGuire I've
traveled in Mexico a good bit she said
and picked up some of the dialects
perhaps I can translate what these men
are saying
Nancy spoke to the men in the vernacular
of the Spanish speaking province from
what she thought they had come at once
they quieted down and listened best is
the only one who doesn't get a moment to
shine and making fun of best moments
abound there was a large refrigerated
car with so much food in it that best
his eyes bulged George teaster watched
that waistline cousin but then if you
work hard enough maybe you won't put on
any more pounds that's made a face that
said nothing she had a continuous battle
with the problem of gaining weight
furthermore there was no advice that
helped and each time she began a diet
her friends teased her the few mentions
of food come early courtesy of Hannah
she serves a snack of cool drinks with
pieces of nut covered sponge cake and a
dinner of Ned's favorite hot pepper
salad with a dessert of Apple snow
pudding with raspberry sauce Nancy and
the gang again make multiple huge
archeological discoveries but this time
Nancy decides she has her own reward
Nancy smiled let's just say that if we
can be of use to our country by
uncovering the secrets of the past that
will be a great big reward for us next
up the sky phantom